SemanticUI-less blocks widget (ObjectListWidget) + Improve and reorder documentation using diataxis. (#486)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/how-to-guides/install.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "How to install Volto Light Theme"
    "property=og:description": "How to install Volto Light Theme"
    "property=og:title": "Install"
    "keywords": "Volto Light Theme, install"
---

# Install
`@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` is a Volto add-on.

> It should be installed as any other add-on using the `dependencies` key in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be installed as any other add-on using the `dependencies` key in your project add-on file {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.
```

> You should also install `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` as a Volto add-on using the `addons` key in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also install `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` as a Volto add-on using the `addons` key in your project add-on file {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.
```

> You should also install `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` as a Volto add-on using the `addons` key in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.

Reviewer 2: We should keep the word "install" to mean fetching the package from NPM, and use "configure" here.

Author: Done.

```json
"addons": [
  // other add-ons installed

>   "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",

Reviewer: People have made the mistake of not listing this last. We should add an admonition stating that it *must* be last, else there will be much sadness.

Author: Done.

```js
const addons = ['<name_of_your_project_addon>'];
const theme = '@kitconcept/volto-light-theme';

module.exports = {
  addons,
  theme,
};
```

## VLT recommended add-ons

`@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` supports all core blocks and it also supports blocks from selected Volto add-ons.
VLT declares them as `peerDependencies`.
This is because the theme won't have to force you to use any specific add-on version, and avoids package hoisting issues.
`pnpm` installs all `peerDependencies` by default, so this is done for you if you are using a Cookieplone based setup (recommended).

Along with the `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` package, you should also declare them in your setup using the `addons` key in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.:

```json
  "addons": [
    // other add-ons installed
    "@eeacms/volto-accordion-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-button-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-dsgvo-banner",
    "@kitconcept/volto-heading-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-introduction-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-highlight-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-separator-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-slider-block",

>     "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",

Reviewer: Is order important? People will do dumb things if you don't tell them it's important.

Author: Not in this context.

  ],
```

> Please find here the full list of the {doc}`../reference/recommended-addons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please find the full list of the {doc}`../reference/recommended-addons`.
```

```{note}

> In case that you don't want to use any of them, don't declare them as add-ons in your project leaving the ones you do want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case that you don't want to use any of the recommended add-ons, don't declare them as add-ons in your project, leaving only those you do want.
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

It should be installed as any other add-on using the `dependencies` key in your project's add-on file {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.

You should also configure `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` as a Volto add-on using the `addons` key in your project add-on file {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.

```json
"addons": [
  // other add-ons installed above the declaration of VLT
  // VLT _must_ be the last one declared
  // Your project add-on will still be the last applied
  // if it's defined in `volto.config.js`
  "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",
],
```

Since `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` is also a theme add-on, you should declare it in your project's {file}`volto.config.js`.

```js
const addons = ['<name_of_your_project_addon>'];
const theme = '@kitconcept/volto-light-theme';

module.exports = {
  addons,
  theme,
};
```

## VLT recommended add-ons

`@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` supports all core blocks and it also supports blocks from selected Volto add-ons.
VLT declares them as `peerDependencies`.
This is because the theme won't have to force you to use any specific add-on version, and avoids package hoisting issues.

> `pnpm` installs all `peerDependencies` by default, so this is done for you if you are using a Cookieplone based setup (recommended).

Reviewer: It's odd to say "recommended" when it's the only supported method to create a project.

```suggestion
`pnpm` installs all `peerDependencies` by default.
Cookieplone does this for you.
```

> Along with the `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` package, you should also declare them in your setup using the `addons` key in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with the `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` package, you should also declare your `peerDependencies` in your setup using the `addons` key in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_your_project_addon>/package.json`.:
```

```json
  "addons": [
    // other add-ons installed
    "@eeacms/volto-accordion-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-button-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-dsgvo-banner",
    "@kitconcept/volto-heading-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-introduction-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-highlight-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-separator-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-slider-block",
    "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",
  ],
```

> Please find the full list of the {doc}`../reference/recommended-addons`.

Reviewer: Don't plead. Just tell.

```suggestion
Find the full list of the {doc}`../reference/recommended-addons`.
```

```{note}

> In case that you don't want to use any of the recommended add-ons, don't declare them as add-ons in your project, leaving only those you do want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use any of the recommended add-ons, then remove them and don't declare them as add-ons in your project, leaving only those that you want.
```
